docs: add README (#6)
gravitee-io/gravitee-service-geoip: README.adoc

= GeoIP service

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg["License", link="https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-service-geoip/blob/master/LICENSE"]
image:https://circleci.com/gh/gravitee-io/gravitee-service-geoip.svg?style=svg["CircleCI", link="https://circleci.com/gh/gravitee-io/gravitee-service-geoip"]

== Description

You must use the `service-geoip` when you need to loads the `geoip` databases in memory, so you need to adjust the JVM Heap settings of your AM or APIM Gateways accordingly.

> It's required to use the `geoip-filtering` policy in APIM and to use the geoip features in AM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's required to use the `geoip-filtering` policy in APIM and for `Adaptive Multi-Factor Authentication` in AM.
```
